a messiah was 25 years old when he
a messiah was 25 years old when he became King and he reigned 29 years in
became King and he reigned 29 years in
became King and he reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was G ho
Jerusalem his mother's name was G ho
Jerusalem his mother's name was G ho admin of Jerusalem and he did what was
admin of Jerusalem and he did what was
admin of Jerusalem and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord but not
right in the sight of the Lord but not
right in the sight of the Lord but not with a loyal heart now it happened as
with a loyal heart now it happened as
with a loyal heart now it happened as soon as the kingdom was established for
soon as the kingdom was established for
soon as the kingdom was established for him that he executed his servants who
him that he executed his servants who
him that he executed his servants who had murdered his father the king however
had murdered his father the king however
had murdered his father the king however he did not execute their children but
he did not execute their children but
he did not execute their children but did as it is written in the law in the
did as it is written in the law in the
did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses where the LORD commanded
book of Moses where the LORD commanded
book of Moses where the LORD commanded the fathers shall not be put to death
the fathers shall not be put to death
the fathers shall not be put to death for their children nor shall the
for their children nor shall the
for their children nor shall the children be put to death for their
children be put to death for their
children be put to death for their fathers but a person shall die for his
fathers but a person shall die for his
fathers but a person shall die for his own sin moreover Amaziah
own sin moreover Amaziah
own sin moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together and set over
gathered Judah together and set over
gathered Judah together and set over them captains of thousands and captains
them captains of thousands and captains
them captains of thousands and captains of hundreds according to their fathers
of hundreds according to their fathers
of hundreds according to their fathers houses throughout all Judah and Benjamin
houses throughout all Judah and Benjamin
houses throughout all Judah and Benjamin and he numbered them from twenty years
and he numbered them from twenty years
and he numbered them from twenty years old and above and found them to be three
old and above and found them to be three
old and above and found them to be three hundred thousand choice men able to go
hundred thousand choice men able to go
hundred thousand choice men able to go to war who could handle spear and shield
to war who could handle spear and shield
to war who could handle spear and shield he also heard one hundred thousand
he also heard one hundred thousand
he also heard one hundred thousand mighty men of valor from Israel for one
mighty men of valor from Israel for one
mighty men of valor from Israel for one hundred talents of silver but a man of
hundred talents of silver but a man of
hundred talents of silver but a man of God came to him o King do not let the
God came to him o King do not let the
God came to him o King do not let the army of Israel go with you for the Lord
army of Israel go with you for the Lord
army of Israel go with you for the Lord is not with Israel not with any of the
is not with Israel not with any of the
is not with Israel not with any of the children of Ephraim but if you go be
children of Ephraim but if you go be
children of Ephraim but if you go be gone be strong in battle even so God
gone be strong in battle even so God
gone be strong in battle even so God shall make you fall before the enemy for
shall make you fall before the enemy for
shall make you fall before the enemy for God has power to help and to overthrow
God has power to help and to overthrow
God has power to help and to overthrow then Amaziah said to the man of God but
then Amaziah said to the man of God but
then Amaziah said to the man of God but what shall we do about the hundred
what shall we do about the hundred
what shall we do about the hundred talents which I have given to the troops
talents which I have given to the troops
talents which I have given to the troops of Israel the Lord is able to give you
of Israel the Lord is able to give you
of Israel the Lord is able to give you much more than this
much more than this
much more than this so Amaziah discharged the troops that
so Amaziah discharged the troops that
so Amaziah discharged the troops that had come to him from Ephraim to go back
had come to him from Ephraim to go back
had come to him from Ephraim to go back home therefore their anger was greatly
home therefore their anger was greatly
home therefore their anger was greatly aroused against Judah and they returned
aroused against Judah and they returned
aroused against Judah and they returned home in great anger then Amaziah
home in great anger then Amaziah
home in great anger then Amaziah strengthened himself and leading his
strengthened himself and leading his
strengthened himself and leading his people he went to the valley of salt and
people he went to the valley of salt and
people he went to the valley of salt and killed ten thousand of the people of
killed ten thousand of the people of
killed ten thousand of the people of Seir also the children of Judah took
Seir also the children of Judah took
Seir also the children of Judah took captive ten thousand alive brought them
captive ten thousand alive brought them
captive ten thousand alive brought them to the top of the rock and cast them
to the top of the rock and cast them
to the top of the rock and cast them down from the top of the road were
down from the top of the road were
down from the top of the road were dashed in pieces but as for the soldiers
dashed in pieces but as for the soldiers
dashed in pieces but as for the soldiers of the army which a messiah had
of the army which a messiah had
of the army which a messiah had discharged so that they would not go
discharged so that they would not go
discharged so that they would not go with him to battle they raided the
with him to battle they raided the
with him to battle they raided the cities of Judah from Samaria - Beth
cities of Judah from Samaria - Beth
cities of Judah from Samaria - Beth Hogan killed three thousand in them and
Hogan killed three thousand in them and
Hogan killed three thousand in them and took much spoil now it was so after a
took much spoil now it was so after a
took much spoil now it was so after a messiah came from the slaughter of the
messiah came from the slaughter of the
messiah came from the slaughter of the but he brought the gods of the
but he brought the gods of the
but he brought the gods of the people of Seir set them up to be his
people of Seir set them up to be his
people of Seir set them up to be his gods and bowed down before them and
gods and bowed down before them and
gods and bowed down before them and burned incense to them therefore the
burned incense to them therefore the
burned incense to them therefore the anger of the Lord was aroused against
anger of the Lord was aroused against
anger of the Lord was aroused against Amaziah and he sent him a prophet
Amaziah and he sent him a prophet
Amaziah and he sent him a prophet why have you sought the gods of the
why have you sought the gods of the
why have you sought the gods of the people which could not rescue their own
people which could not rescue their own
people which could not rescue their own people from your hand have we made you
people from your hand have we made you
people from your hand have we made you the Kings counsellor cease
the Kings counsellor cease
the Kings counsellor cease why should you be killed from the
why should you be killed from the
why should you be killed from the profits East I know that God has
profits East I know that God has
profits East I know that God has determined to destroy you because you
determined to destroy you because you
determined to destroy you because you have done this and have not heeded my
have done this and have not heeded my
have done this and have not heeded my advice now amaziah king of judah asked
advice now amaziah king of judah asked
advice now amaziah king of judah asked advice and sent to Jewish the son of
advice and sent to Jewish the son of
advice and sent to Jewish the son of jehovah's the son of ji Hugh King of
jehovah's the son of ji Hugh King of
jehovah's the son of ji Hugh King of Israel come let us face one another in
Israel come let us face one another in
Israel come let us face one another in battle and Jewish king of Israel sent to
battle and Jewish king of Israel sent to
battle and Jewish king of Israel sent to a messiah king of judah the Thistle that
a messiah king of judah the Thistle that
a messiah king of judah the Thistle that was in lebanon sent to the cedar that
was in lebanon sent to the cedar that
was in lebanon sent to the cedar that was in lebanon saying give your daughter
was in lebanon saying give your daughter
was in lebanon saying give your daughter to my son his wife and a wild beast that
to my son his wife and a wild beast that
to my son his wife and a wild beast that was in lebanon passed by and trampled
was in lebanon passed by and trampled
was in lebanon passed by and trampled the Thistle indeed you say that you have
the Thistle indeed you say that you have
the Thistle indeed you say that you have defeated the and your heart is
defeated the and your heart is
defeated the and your heart is lifted up to boast stay at home now
lifted up to boast stay at home now
lifted up to boast stay at home now why should you meddle with trouble that
why should you meddle with trouble that
why should you meddle with trouble that you should fall you and Judah with you
you should fall you and Judah with you
you should fall you and Judah with you but a messiah would not heed for it came
but a messiah would not heed for it came
but a messiah would not heed for it came from God that he might give them into
from God that he might give them into
from God that he might give them into the hand of their enemies because they
the hand of their enemies because they
the hand of their enemies because they sought the gods of Eden
sought the gods of Eden
sought the gods of Eden so joash king of israel went out and he
so joash king of israel went out and he
so joash king of israel went out and he and amaziah king of judah faced one
and amaziah king of judah faced one
and amaziah king of judah faced one another at beth shemesh which belongs to
another at beth shemesh which belongs to
another at beth shemesh which belongs to cooter
cooter
cooter and Judah was defeated by Israel and
and Judah was defeated by Israel and
and Judah was defeated by Israel and every man fled to his town then joy the
every man fled to his town then joy the
every man fled to his town then joy the king of Israel captured Amazon the king
king of Israel captured Amazon the king
king of Israel captured Amazon the king of judah the son of joy the son of
of judah the son of joy the son of
of judah the son of joy the son of Jehovah's at beth shemesh and he brought
Jehovah's at beth shemesh and he brought
Jehovah's at beth shemesh and he brought him to Jerusalem and broke down the wall
him to Jerusalem and broke down the wall
him to Jerusalem and broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to
of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to
of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner four hundred cubits and he
the corner four hundred cubits and he
the corner four hundred cubits and he took all the gold and silver all the
took all the gold and silver all the
took all the gold and silver all the articles that were found in the house of
articles that were found in the house of
articles that were found in the house of God with obed-edom the treasures of the
God with obed-edom the treasures of the
God with obed-edom the treasures of the king's house and hostages and returned
king's house and hostages and returned
king's house and hostages and returned to Samaria Amaziah the son of joash king
to Samaria Amaziah the son of joash king
to Samaria Amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived fifteen years after the
of judah lived fifteen years after the
of judah lived fifteen years after the death of jewish the son of Jehovah's
death of jewish the son of Jehovah's
death of jewish the son of Jehovah's king of israel now the rest of the acts
king of israel now the rest of the acts
king of israel now the rest of the acts of a messiah from first to last indeed
of a messiah from first to last indeed
of a messiah from first to last indeed are they not written in the book of the
are they not written in the book of the
are they not written in the book of the kings of judah and israel after the time
kings of judah and israel after the time
kings of judah and israel after the time that a messiah turned away from
that a messiah turned away from
that a messiah turned away from following the Lord they made a
following the Lord they made a
following the Lord they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and
conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and
conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and he fled to lakish
he fled to lakish
he fled to lakish but they sent after him to lakish and
but they sent after him to lakish and
but they sent after him to lakish and killed him they then they brought him on
killed him they then they brought him on
killed him they then they brought him on horses and buried him with his father's
horses and buried him with his father's
horses and buried him with his father's in the city of Judah